_pages/lessons.md, before:

---
title: ""
permalink: /_pages/lessons/
output:
  html_document:
    df_print: paged
excerpt: Class Schedule
#redirect_from: "/theme-setup/"
last_modified_at: "2022-09-17"
layout: splash
#sidebar: overview
---

# Class Proposed Schedule
<br>
The proposed schedule below is subject to change. My initial plan is to cover all the material listed here but I might modify it if extra time is needed for some particular topics. I will update this table as needed during the semester.


| Lecture | Module |   Date  | Topic | Homework |
|----|----|--------|--------------|----|
| L1 | <a href="/docs/modules/M1/" > M1 </a> | Jan 11 | Introductions and Course Overview  | Join Slack Workspace and A01 |
| L2 |   <a href="/docs/modules/M1/" > M1 </a> | Jan 16 | Intro to Time Series Analysis, Intro to R and RStudio, Github, R Markdown | A01 |
| L3 | <a href="/docs/modules/M2/" > M2 </a> | Jan 18 | TSA Applications in Energy and Environment <br> Autocovariance and autocorrelation function <Start "M2_ACF_PACF.Rmd"> | Run "M2_ImportingData_CSV_XLSX.Rmd" and <br> A02 |
| L4 | <a href="/docs/modules/M2/" > M2 </a> | Jan 23 | Partial autocorrelation function <br> ACF and PACF in R <br> Temperature Example in Exccel | A02|
| L5 |  <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a>  | Jan 25 | Trend Component Estimation | A03 |
| L6 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Jan 30 | Seasonal Component - Stochastic vs Deterministic Trend | A03 |
| L7 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 1 | Trend and Seasonal component estimation in R | A03 |
| L8 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 6 | A3 solution <br> Stochastic vs Deterministic Trend  | A04 |
| L9 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 8 | Stationarity Tests- Mann Kendall <br> Spearman <br> Augmented Dickey Fuller | A04 |
| L10 | <a href="/docs/modules/M4/" > M4 </a> | Feb 13 | A4 solution <br> Outlier types and detection <br> How to handle missing data <br>  | A05 |
| L11 | <a href="/docs/modules/M4/" > M4 </a> | Feb 15 | Outliers in R <br> Intro to the Traditional Box  Jenkins Models - ARIMA family <br> Stationary Models: AR and MA process | A05 |
| L12 | <a href="/docs/modules/M5/" > M5 </a> | Feb 20 | AR and MA order (poll) <br> ARIMA(p,d,q) Models | A06  |
| L13 | <a href="/docs/modules/M5/" > M5 </a> | Feb 22 | ARIMA(p,d,q) <br> Fitting ARIMA Models in R <br>  | A07 |
| L14 | <a href="/docs/modules/M6/" > M6 </a> | Feb 27 | Seasonal ARIMA and Periodic ARMA Models | A07 |
| L15 | <a href="/docs/modules/M6/" > M6 </a> / <a href="/docs/modules/M7/" > M7 </a> | Feb 29 |  Finish SARIMA in R <br> Intro to Forecasting <br> Averaging Techniques <br> | A08  |
| L16 | <a href="/docs/modules/M7/" > M7 </a> | Mar 5 | Forecasting with ARIMA Models <br> Forecasting in R | A07 |
| L17 | <a href="/docs/modules/M8/" > M8 </a> | Mar 7 | Model Diagnostics <br> Residual Analysis and Model Selection| A08 <br> Project Proposal (2-3 slides) 
| - |  | Mar 12 | **Spring break no class** |  |
| - |  | Mar 14 | **Spring break no class** |  |
| L18 | <a href="/docs/modules/M8/" > M8 </a> | Mar 19 |  Model Performance in R  |  |
| L18 | <a href="/docs/modules/M9/" > M9 </a> | Mar 21 | Model Performance in R <br> State-Space Models <br> Bayesian Statistics  |  |
| L20 | <a href="/docs/modules/M9/" > M9 </a> | Mar 26 | State Space Models in R <br> Go over Forecasting Competition <br> Forecasting higher frequency time series  | A09 - part I |
| L21 | <a href="/docs/modules/M10/" > M10 </a> | Apr 2 | Advanced Forecasting Models in R |  A09 - part II |
| L22 | <a href="/docs/modules/M11/" > M11 </a> | Apr 9 | TBATS models in R <br> Scenario Generation in R <br> <a href="/docs/modules/PPTS/TSA_Recap.pdf" > Course Recap </a>  | Work on project/competition |
| L23 | <a href="/docs/modules/M11/" > M11 </a> | Apr 11 | **MEM Symposium - no class** | Work on project/competition |
| L24 | - | Apr 16 | **Final Project Presentations** <br> <a href="/docs/assets/Group_Schedule.png" > Presentation Schedule </a> | Work on project/competition |

Commit message:

add Rmd file to lesson and fix recording links

_pages/lessons.md, after:

---
title: ""
permalink: /_pages/lessons/
output:
  html_document:
    df_print: paged
excerpt: Class Schedule
#redirect_from: "/theme-setup/"
last_modified_at: "2022-09-17"
layout: splash
#sidebar: overview
---

# Class Proposed Schedule
<br>
The proposed schedule below is subject to change. My initial plan is to cover all the material listed here but I might modify it if extra time is needed for some particular topics. I will update this table as needed during the semester.


| Lecture | Module |   Date  | Topic | Homework |
|----|----|--------|--------------|----|
| L1 | <a href="/docs/modules/M1/" > M1 </a> | Jan 11 | Introductions and Course Overview  | Join Slack Workspace and A01 |
| L2 |   <a href="/docs/modules/M1/" > M1 </a> | Jan 16 | Intro to Time Series Analysis, Intro to R and RStudio, Github, R Markdown | A01 |
| L3 | <a href="/docs/modules/M2/" > M2 </a> | Jan 18 | TSA Applications in Energy and Environment <br> Autocovariance and autocorrelation function <br> R file "M2_ACF_PACF.Rmd"  | Run "M2_ImportingData_CSV_XLSX.Rmd" and <br> A02 |
| L4 | <a href="/docs/modules/M2/" > M2 </a> | Jan 23 | Partial autocorrelation function <br> ACF and PACF in R <br> File "M2_ACF_PACF_Complete.Rmd" <br> Temperature Example in Exccel | A02|
| L5 |  <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a>  | Jan 25 | Trend Component Estimation | A03 |
| L6 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Jan 30 | Seasonal Component Estimation | A03 |
| L7 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 1 | Trend and Seasonal component estimation in R <br> "M3_TrendSeasonality_AfterClassFeb1"| A03 |
| L8 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 6 | A3 solution <br> Stochastic vs Deterministic Trend  | A04 |
| L9 | <a href="/docs/modules/M3/" > M3 </a> | Feb 8 | Stationarity Tests- Mann Kendall <br> Spearman <br> Augmented Dickey Fuller <br> R file: "M3_TrendSeasonality_Complete.Rmd"| A04 |
| L10 | <a href="/docs/modules/M4/" > M4 </a> | Feb 13 | A4 solution <br> Outlier types and detection <br> How to handle missing data <br>  | A05 |
| L11 | <a href="/docs/modules/M4/" > M4 </a> | Feb 15 | Outliers in R files: "M4_MissingDataAndOutliers_Example1.Rmd" <br> "M4_MissingDataAndOutliers_Example2.Rmd" <br> Intro to the Traditional Box  Jenkins Models - ARIMA family <br> Stationary Models: AR and MA process | A05 |
| L12 | <a href="/docs/modules/M5/" > M5 </a> | Feb 20 | AR and MA order (poll) <br> ARIMA(p,d,q) Models | A06  |
| L13 | <a href="/docs/modules/M5/" > M5 </a> | Feb 22 | ARIMA(p,d,q) <br> Fitting ARIMA Models in R <br>  | A07 |
| L14 | <a href="/docs/modules/M6/" > M6 </a> | Feb 27 | Seasonal ARIMA and Periodic ARMA Models | A07 |
| L15 | <a href="/docs/modules/M6/" > M6 </a> / <a href="/docs/modules/M7/" > M7 </a> | Feb 29 |  Finish SARIMA in R <br> Intro to Forecasting <br> Averaging Techniques <br> | A08  |
| L16 | <a href="/docs/modules/M7/" > M7 </a> | Mar 5 | Forecasting with ARIMA Models <br> Forecasting in R | A07 |
| L17 | <a href="/docs/modules/M8/" > M8 </a> | Mar 7 | Model Diagnostics <br> Residual Analysis and Model Selection| A08 <br> Project Proposal (2-3 slides) 
| - |  | Mar 12 | **Spring break no class** |  |
| - |  | Mar 14 | **Spring break no class** |  |
| L18 | <a href="/docs/modules/M8/" > M8 </a> | Mar 19 |  Model Performance in R  |  |
| L18 | <a href="/docs/modules/M9/" > M9 </a> | Mar 21 | Model Performance in R <br> State-Space Models <br> Bayesian Statistics  |  |
| L20 | <a href="/docs/modules/M9/" > M9 </a> | Mar 26 | State Space Models in R <br> Go over Forecasting Competition <br> Forecasting higher frequency time series  | A09 - part I |
| L21 | <a href="/docs/modules/M10/" > M10 </a> | Apr 2 | Advanced Forecasting Models in R |  A09 - part II |
| L22 | <a href="/docs/modules/M11/" > M11 </a> | Apr 9 | TBATS models in R <br> Scenario Generation in R <br> <a href="/docs/modules/PPTS/TSA_Recap.pdf" > Course Recap </a>  | Work on project/competition |
| L23 | <a href="/docs/modules/M11/" > M11 </a> | Apr 11 | **MEM Symposium - no class** | Work on project/competition |
| L24 | - | Apr 16 | **Final Project Presentations** <br> <a href="/docs/assets/Group_Schedule.png" > Presentation Schedule </a> | Work on project/competition |
