docs/modules/M11-scen-gen.md, before:

---
title: "M11 - Model Based Scenario Generation "
layout: single
permalink: /docs/modules/M11/
sidebar:
 nav: modules
---

## Learning Objectives
The learning goals for this module are:

* Understand the concept of scenario generation;
* Connect optimization and decision making under uncertainty (stochastic optimization);
* Learn how to represent uncertainty with a scenario tree;
* Learn how to generate correlated scenarios when trying to forecast more than one variable;
* Learn how to generate scenarios based on the time series models we learned in R.

## Slides

Here is a <a href="/docs/modules/PPTS/TSA_S24_M11_ScenarioGeneration.pdf" > link </a> to the slide deck used in class.


## Recordings

This module is explained in three videos that go over the slides shared and how to generate scenarios in R.

* [Scenario Generation](https://www.youtube.com/embed/0peA5FzXX64) <br>

* [Cholesky Decomposition in R](https://www.youtube.com/embed/pLbXZ40fSm4) <br>

* [Generating Scenarios with ARIMA](https://www.youtube.com/embed/mJ1uuzRF9eI) <br>

## Deliverables

There is no assignment associated with this module.

Commit message:

upload application M11 and update M9 slides

docs/modules/M11-scen-gen.md, after:

---
title: "M11 - Model Based Scenario Generation "
layout: single
permalink: /docs/modules/M11/
sidebar:
 nav: modules
---

## Learning Objectives
The learning goals for this module are:

* Understand the concept of scenario generation;
* Connect optimization and decision making under uncertainty (stochastic optimization);
* Learn how to represent uncertainty with a scenario tree;
* Learn how to generate correlated scenarios when trying to forecast more than one variable;
* Learn how to generate scenarios based on the time series models we learned in R.

## Slides

Here is a <a href="/docs/modules/PPTS/TSA_S24_M11_ScenarioGeneration.pdf" > link </a> to the slide deck used in class.

## Resources

* Example of application of state space linear models and scneario generation to <a href="/docs/modules/PPTS/TSA_S24_M11_HTSP_ApplicationStateSpaceModels.pdf" > inflow forecasting </a>.

## Recordings

This module is explained in three videos that go over the slides shared and how to generate scenarios in R.

* [Scenario Generation](https://www.youtube.com/embed/0peA5FzXX64) <br>

* [Cholesky Decomposition in R](https://www.youtube.com/embed/pLbXZ40fSm4) <br>

* [Generating Scenarios with ARIMA](https://www.youtube.com/embed/mJ1uuzRF9eI) <br>

## Deliverables

There is no assignment associated with this module.
